---
copyright: "Andreas Sas 2022"
created: "2022-07-18 12:01"
cssclass: metaDataHide
aliases: [daily_note_2022-07-18]
---

# Daily Note: *2022.07.18*
- [ ] Get up at 06.00
- [x] Make the bed
- [ ] Eat something healthy
- [x] Do something with the girlfriend
- [ ] Go to the gym
- [ ] Work for an amount of time that works for me
- [x] Write anything
- [x] Go to sleep at 00.00

## Notes

**12.00** : 
So, I couldn't really wake up at 6 am, but that is okay. These days the temperatures in Belgium are becoming quite a lot to bare for me, and I need all the rest I can get.
I don't really have something set out for today to do. Maybe that is a good thing? I need time to come up with my ideas and plan them out accordingly and sometimes I just need a little bit of time to come up with them.

---
**14.33** :
Yeah... So today isn't going that well.
I can't get motivated to start doing anything and that is really bumming me out. I just need to get started on something, but for some reason I just can't... I don't know what to do

---
**16.33**:
Ha, for some reason I started this one on the same hour mark as last one.
I don't really know what is going on with me to be honest. Everything just feels off and I can't get motivated to start with anything. it makes everything kind of hard to work with and makes me feel like a failure. I know I shouldn't but last week I had this entire week to work on stuff I wanted to and because of the weather I wasn't feeling well. I don't mean that as an excuse or anything, but I just couldn't work the hours that I wanted to. Plus, I'm going on a longer weekend with my gf and parents, which I'm not really looking forward to. Don't get me wrong, I love spending time with my parents and all, but I can't work there, like at all. I don't have a lot of time it feels like to work this week, and I think my pessimistic brain just doesn't want to give me a break. Not that I want a break to begin haha
Anyways, back to trying to do something.
Wait, writing this is also something. Not much, but it is something.